hey what's up this in its own 7 I have a
new memory card and I noticed that that
camera locked up for some reason I don't
even look on recording right now
I said a little green indicator blinking
but the same thing happened when the
thing kind of like backup
we'll see what happens anyway I was able
to push the camera somewhat back and now
we're sitting sort of like in the bridge
of my nose so it's rather close to to my
eyes but I mean it's actually like
sexually
less obstructive they know so I had it
before I guess because it's closer to my
face or something like over to the to my
nose so therefore doesn't really
interfere curious to see how this arm
section session looks
of course this I picked the wrong day
and the wrong time cuz I'm in frickin
caught in traffic kind of oddly
wondering what that's not traffic you're
going at about a 40 miles per hour
well in this back road there should be
no traffic when there's traffic well you
know there's traffic
I went to get some gas and a frickin
attendant he like drinks the the hose
out right and when it gives him me he
spills a little more of my tank I felt
like freaking choking his ass but
neither the girls already I'm like sir I
man so I was not going to get it clean
now so I gotta get back to clean the
tank it wasn't a lot it was like a few
drops but whatever man
this is hey this is the kind of day I'm
having today the camera locked up gas
attendant spilled fuel on my tank
somehow I was writing and I came to a
stop and I hit the I hit the safety of
majestic shut off button this red button
right here somehow I hit that fricking
by turned off I don't know man doesn't
sound like it's going to be a good ride
hopefully I'll make it back
and one shot with my own two wheels and
not for if you know what I mean all
right well some of you some of you may
see me swerve swerving in and out in and
out trying to avoid potholes and manhole
covers and all that stuff there's really
no need for that I just like doing that
practice my counter steering there's a
voodoo word in the V lagging world
countersteering on IV logging but for
riders everybody seems to argue about
counter steering and they all kind of
like agree and those who don't ride
disagree and it's actually pretty funny
I see what my friend back here is the
one he's going to turn right but he's
like I my ass of course he something to
get him a cell phone or something or he
just know he just kind of retarded
holding his hand and the
mix of his face
alright well hopefully traffic has died
down here